Before we set our hearts too much upon anything, let us examine how happy those are who already possess it. 
 
• Life is so short. So, follow some rules. Forgive quickly, believe slowly, love truly, laugh loudly & never avoid anything that makes U smile. 
 
• Coins always make sound but the currency notes are always silent. So, when your value increases, keep yourself calm n silent. 
 
• WAHEGURU japiye mukh pavitar,
WAHEGURU japiye sab dukh titar,
WAHEGURU japiye sab vairee mittar,
WAHEGURU naam maha pavitar. 
 
• When there is a confusion between your heart and mind, don't listen to your mind because mind knows everything but your heart knows only U. 
 
• Learning history is so easy but making history is so difficult. Make a history of yourself and make others to learn it! 
 
• A gun can kill, fire can burn, wind can chill n the mind can learn, anger can rage till it tears u apart but the power of ur smile can heal a frozen heart. 
 
• You attract people by the qualities you display. You keep them by the qualities you possess.
 
• As you go through life you are going to have many opportunities to keep your mouth shut. Take advantage of all of them. 
 

Wash ur face and wash ur feet! Now it's time 2 fall asleep. Your eyes are weak and mouth can't speak so, hope this nite shall b nice n sweet. Good Night. 
 
• No matter if the sky is black or blue.. No matter .. If there are stars or moon.. As long as ur heart is true.. Sweet dreams will always be with u. Gud Night! 
 
• Every little smile can touch somebody's heart. May u find 100's of reasons to smile today! May u b the reason for someone else to smile! Gud Day! 
 
• One day ur dreams'll come true. One day ur presence shall be precious. One day you'll be the happiest person in this world and that day may be today! Gud Day! 
 
• Night is a wonderful opportunity to take rest, to forgive, to dream, to smile and to get ready for all the battle that you have to fight tomorrow. Gud Night. 
 
• Birds fly high without looking down. So, if you want to be high, don't look down. Aim high and keep going... I wish you fly like a bird. 
 
• If life is a game, I wish you to win. If life is a journey, I wish you to walk on roses. If life is a joy, I wish you to always smile. Have a great and successful day! 
 
• A wish is just a wish. A resolution is just a resolution. But, goals have deadlines & are stepping stones down the path, the stair-case to your dreams. Gud luck ! 
 
• Delay is the enemy of efficiency, and waiting is the enemy of utilization. So... don't delay anything and don't wait for anything. Dud Day! 
 
• When you want to enjoy life, think today as your life's First day. When you want to achieve something in life, think today as your life's Last day. Have a Gr8 Day! 
 
• Nobody is right till somebody is wrong... Nobody is weak till somebody is strong... Nobody is lucky till love comes along... Nobody is lonely till somebody is gone. Missing U! 
 
• Memories sometimes behave in a crazy way. They leave u alone, when u are in a crowd & when u are alone they stand along with u like a crowd. 
 
• Relationship is like a Violin, music may stop now & then, but strings are attached forever. So if u b in touch or not, u r always remembered. Miss U! 
 
• Changes in life are good, but see to that changes don't take you far away from the people who love and care you...including myself. Missing U! 
 
• My heart problem has reached such a critical stage that doctor says there are only two options left: Either I C U or U C Me! Missing U! 
 
• Care for the one who shares with u, share with the one who knows u, know the one who misses u, miss the one who wishes the best for U. 
 
• No sweet thought to forward, no cute graphics to send. Just a 'Caring Heart' saying, 'Take Care!' Miss U! 
 
• God must be partial to have endowed a single soul with so much beauty, grace, panche, elgance & allure. If I ever have d luxury of dreaming of u, I bet I'll b afraid of waking up coz I wouldn't want 2 lose U! 
 
• Nobody's right till sumbody's wrong.
Nobody's weak till sumbody's strong.
Nobody's lucky till luv comes along. 
Nobody's lonely till sumbody's gone. Missing U!
 
• Those we Luv never go away, they walk beside us everyday... unseen & unheard, still near... still loved... still Missed & still very dear. Missing U 
 





 
!! Have a cheerful Day!!! 
     
          
NEVER   CRY    FOR   ANY   RELATION   IN     LIFE 
BECAUSE    FOR   THE   ONE   WHOM    YOU   CRY   
DOES   NOT   DESERVE   YOUR TEARS 
AND    THE    ONE   WHO    DESERVES 
WILL   NEVER   LET   YOU    CRY......... ........ 

 



HAPPINESS    ALWAYS   LOOKS   SMALL 

WHEN   WE   HOLD   IT   IN   OUR    HANDS. 

BUT    WHEN    WE   LEARN   TO   SHARE    IT, 

WE    REALIZE   HOW BIG    AND   PRECIOUS   IT   IS!..... 






Dard kaisa bhi ho ankh nam na karo

Raat kaali sahi koi gham na karo

  
Ik sitara bano jagmagatay raho

Zindagii mein sada muskaratay raho
 

Baant'ni hai agar baant lo har khushi

Gham na zahir karo tum kisi per kabhi
  

Dil ki gehraai mein ghum chupatay raho

Zindagii mein sada muskaratay raho
  

Ashk anmool hain kho na dena kahin

In ki har boond hai motiyoon se haseen
  

In ko har ankh se tum churatay raho

Zindagii mein sada muskaratay raho







Heart is like crystal-preserve it 


Love is like perfume-spread it 


Feelings are like flood- flow it 


Friendship is like an umberella-comes lets share it....!!! 

 

 

Tej chalte hain hawaon ko pakadne wale,
Kyon ruken rah mein toofaan se ladne wale!

Umra bhar ek hi khandar mein rahun main kyon kar,
Bastiyan phir se basate hain ujadne wale!

Jalti rut mein kabhi ban jaate hain saya ban kar,
Rang aur roop ke mausam mein bichadne wale!

Tu mere zazb-e-belaos ki tauheen na kar,
Meri gudadi mein kisi laal ko jadne wale!

Dil ki khubi hai ki har rut mein hara rahta hai,
Mum is ped ke patte nahin jadane wale!


A little boy wanted Rs.50 very badly and prayed for weeks, but nothing happened. Finally he decided to write God a letter requesting the Rs.50.

When the postal authorities received the letter addressed to God, INDIA, they decided to forward it to the President of India as a joke. 

The President was so amused, that he instructed his secretary to send the little boy Rs.20. The President thought this would appear to be a lot of money to a little boy, and he did not want to spoil the kid. 

The little boy was delighted with Rs.20, and decided to write a thank you note to God, which read:

"Dear God: Thank you very much for sending the money. However, I noticed that you sent it through the 'Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi', and those donkeys deducted Rs.30 in taxes ....."




hawa ke jhonke ki tarah zindagi mein
   chale aaye the tum
khushiyon ki saugaat aur pyaar ke rang 
   sang laaye the tum

ghum ke gumnaam andhere mein 
   roshni ban kar chhaaye the tum
chahat ka ehsaas liye sukoon ban kar 
   dil mein samaye the tum

khushiyon se rangeen thi duniya 
    har pal jo mere paas the tum
ghum ke badal gehre hain 
   jabse juda hue ho tum

kyun yahan bekas akeli hoon main 
   kyun wahan itne tanhaa ho tum
kyun toote sapne woh sare 
   kyun itni durr chale gaye ho tum

dil ki bebasi kaise kahun 
   aankhon se aansoo banke behte ho tum
tarasti hoon tere pyaar ko main 
   pal pal mujhe yaad aate ho tum


I am interested in working as a Team Lead for your organization. I am an expert programmer with over 5.5 years of experience out of which 3.5 years on .Net Technologies and 4 years on SQL Server 2000/2005 to offer you. 
 
I enclose my resume as a first step in exploring the possibilities of employment with you.
 
As a Team Lead with your organization, I would bring a focus on quality and ease of use to your system development. 
 
Furthermore, I will work well with others, and I am experienced in team leading.
 
Current CTC : 6.0 LPA
Expected CTC : 8.0 LPA
Notice Period : 45 Days
Current Location : Mumbai
 
Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely your’s,
Adarsh Kumar Bajpai





meri kabar pe aake tum awaaz nahi karna
dard ki nayii daastan ka aagaaz nahi karna...

apni bebassi ko khud hii byaan karega ye
chehre ko kisi aaine ka mohthaaz nahi karna...

raaz Jo khud se hii na chhipaa paao tum
aise raaz mein kisi ko hamraaz nahi karna...

namumkin hai haqikat ke aasman mein urnaa
khaabon ke sahare isme parwaaz nahi karna...

zakham phir zakham hai.N ik roz bhar jaynge
husan wallon ko inke charasaaz nahi karna...

khaakh se bane ho khaakh mein mil jaaoge
kabhi bhoole se bhi khud pe naaz nahi karna... 


Good Day to you friend
A wish for you, I choose to send
That you will have a happy day
Filled with sunshine, all the way
May your heart be content
Come what may.

Then when evening comes
And the day is done
May a peaceful night of sleep
Be a blessing, and to you come. 

All the best to you my friend
You were sent to me from above
To my life you bring joy and love. 
For all the things you say and do,
For being there, thank you
I am so glad you are my friend 
I was blessed that, I could choose you. 


admin@makemytrip.com


172.19.10.25
administrator
Yh3s0trG


Ankhoon may kayi sapnay saja kar roye bohot hai hum.
dil ko nayi dunya dikha kar kar roye bohot hai hum.

woh badal gaya to pher li hum nay bhi nazar apni.
par us kay khatoon ko jala kar kar roye bohot hai hum.

laut aye to ahin us ki mehfil say bacha kar ana apni.
par us ki bazm say a kar kar roye bohot hai hum.

jisay kia tha roshan tamanhaon say hum nay apni.
us shamy wafa ka bhuja kar kar roye bohot hai hum.

jin kay saye mai ki thin hum nay kayin batain.
un baghoon mai tanha ja kar kar roye bohot hai hum.

kis qadar khoshi say kia hum dum ko rukhsat hum nay.
magar sab say nazar bacha kay kar roye bohot hai hum.

hosla tutnay ka ho to wafa karna kisi say .
yeh batain logon ko suna kar roye bohot hai hum.

phir yun hua kay ankhoon nay kayin rat jagay dekhay.
palkoon pay teri yaad bitha kar roye bohot hai hum.

wohi aj mujh say meray dard ki wajah chatha hai.
jis ki batain aoron ko suna kar roye bohot hai hum.


<asp:Label ID="Label1" runat="server" ToolTip='<%#Eval("description") %>' Text='<%# Bind("introduction") %>'></asp:Label>





Ja-ba-ja pyas ke sahra mein bhatakna kya hai,
Bol ye tishna-labi tera irada kya hai!

Ye baha kar hi liye jata hai har manzar ko,
Mujhse kya puchte ho waqt ka dariya kya hai!

Aaj eek barg jo lahrata hai sarmasti se,
Kal issi shakh par hoga ye bharosa kya hai!

Log aate hain yahan aa ke chale jate hain,
Hamse puchhe koi jeene ka saleeka kya hai!

Main to eek ped hun, gumsum sa kinare dariya,
Kya kahun aabe-rawan se mera rishta kya hai!

Aznabi chehre se milte hain jidhar bhi jayen,
Aur iss shahar ke mahaol mein apna kya hai!!






Work with the Technical Implementation team leads to coordinate their activities. 
Work with the Project Manager to resolve any conflicts experienced by the technical teams. 
Work closely with the Functional Lead to coordinate all activities that involve both technical and functional resources. 
Work with the Change Management Teams (Communication, Training and Organizational Readiness) to ensure that the needs of the technical project components and team constituents are represented and satisfied. 
Work with the Strategy/Work Teams (Reporting Strategy, Data Standards, Data Migration, Security and Interfaces) and the LUMINIS Implementation Teams (Visioning and Development) to ensure that any solutions or methods proposed by these teams are technologically feasible, reasonable and acceptable. 
Work with the SCT Project Team to ensure that all adopted technology follows SCT’s best practices and recommended standards wherever possible. 
Report any potential technical exposure (security, audit, etc.) to the Project Manager, and make recommendations for their mitigation. 
Ensure that all adopted technologies and technical business processes follow the university’s and IT’s application and system development philosophies. 
Oversee the activities of the Technical Teams to ensure that they deliver what is required within the necessary timeframe.








Adarsh Kumar Bajpai
Team Lead

He has more than 6 years of IT experience with 3.5 years on .Net plateform in System Analysis, design, development, maintenance, testing, integration & implementation of (web and client server) applications. 

He holds a Bachelore degree in Commerce and PGDCA, ADCA from IGNOU alongwith. Apart from this he is a Microsoft Certified Application Developer (MCAD), Microsoft Certified Database Administration (MCDBA) and Brainbench Certification in ASP.Net and RDBMS.

He has functional experience in the ERP, finance, insurance and with the healthcare domain as well. He has expertise in Microsoft technologies specially .Net  and SQL Server.








Krishna P.

Director – Visual Design

He has more than 7 years of experience in visual design and art direction. He holds a Master degree in Design (Visual Communication) from the Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai, a degree in Fine Arts (Applied Art) and a diploma in computer arts.

He has more than three years of experience in user interface design, interaction design, and usability. He has expertise in conceptualizing theme-based visualizations for interactivity-centric learning games and creating intuitive, user-friendly, and engaging user interfaces.

Harish Jaiswal

Manager - Visual Design

A graduate in Applied Arts and a post-graduate in Visual Design from IIT Bombay He has 6 years of experience in conceptualization, visualization, typography, graphic design, and digital imagery and also has experience working on K-12, Corporate as well as Technical Courses.

Anu S

System Architect – J2EE

She has 10+ years of IT experience on multiple platforms, OS, databases and applications (i.e. web based, client server) in System Analysis, design, development, maintenance, testing, integration & implementation.

She has functional experience in the eLearning, insurance and with the Life and Health domains as well. She has performed a number of major engagements, including implementing Quality adhering to Six Sigma, CMM5/CMMI, ISO 9000, SQA, Internal audits and QMS Standards. She is also PMI certified Project Management Professional (PMP).

She has been a lead architect in full life cycle development and implementation of Intervention Programs, Learning Management Systems and Content Management Systems.

She has extensive overseas experience on a number of assignments in India, UK & USA.

 


MATHURA JN(MTJ)
PILIBHIT JN(PBE)


http://www.suodenjoki.dk/us/productions/articles/word2pdf.htm

ASP.NET 1.1 V/s 2.0
===================
http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa479401.aspx





Love is a effective feeling
of one person towards another
Love is a flower, which blossoms
At least once in every heart
Love cannot be measured
It is not less or more, It is equal
Love is a chapter, once written
can never be erased
Love is a beautiful gift that God
Has given to Live Long in Peace.



Akhilesh : 9889359057



VPN
59.144.126.7
userID - seac
password - Se@c123
domain - seindia

\\server\SEACPortal
the file is - OFFICE2007.rar
192.168.1.1


Shree Laxman :  9821206600, 25167553





Fund Transfer - Success 
Internal Reference No - 2000000000513307
Bank Reference No - 2903688
 
 


http://www.textcontrol.com/downloads/trials/form/1.htm



devenv.exe, SqlWb.exe, WebDev.WebServer.EXE, inetinfo.exe, FrameworkService.exe




Administrator/HLRlawoffice123

pccenter@vsnl.com